I knew it was only Jiang Yuting and Qin Xiaoxuan
They must want me dead
Mr. Ji Jiang Yuting said that he is not the master of this matter
He wants to see you.
OK, I'll come in now.
Son, I'm going with you
I want to see who is behind Jiang Yuting
You bitch
Mrs. Liu remembers
I didn't mean to.
Please forgive me.
Forgive me and I'll tell you who no one is
Forgive you if I wasn't lucky
I would have been killed by you long ago
How can you still have the face to ask for my forgiveness?
I am not a ghost
To kill you
Someone else found me
Someone else supported me
As long as you say that person's name
I can protect you
It's true.
Memorial River, did you even let go of the murderer who deliberately killed your mother?
Mom, he's not the master
We need to know who is behind him
To catch the real murderer as soon as possible
I said I said take care of
He supported me in doing this
He said I did it for a creative assignment
Mingsuo High Score
Won't stay forever
Why did he hurt me on purpose?